Test Plan for To-Do Application:

Add a new to-do item:

Open the application
Click on the "Add New" button
Enter the details of the new to-do item
Click on the "Save" button
Verify that the new to-do item has been added to the list
Edit an existing to-do item:

Open the application
Find the to-do item that needs to be edited
Click on the "Edit" button next to the to-do item
Change the details of the to-do item
Click on the "Save" button
Verify that the to-do item has been updated with the new details
Mark a to-do item as completed:

Open the application
Find the to-do item that needs to be marked as completed
Click on the checkbox next to the to-do item
Verify that the to-do item has been marked as completed
Delete a to-do item:

Open the application
Find the to-do item that needs to be deleted
Click on the "Delete" button next to the to-do item
Verify that the to-do item has been removed from the list
Test Case Scenarios:

Add a new to-do item:

Test Case 1: Add a to-do item with all required fields filled.
Test Case 2: Add a to-do item without filling any fields.
Test Case 3: Add a to-do item with some fields filled and others empty.
Test Case 4: Add multiple to-do items and verify that they are all added to the list.
Edit an existing to-do item:

Test Case 1: Edit the details of a to-do item and verify that the changes are saved.
Test Case 2: Edit the details of a to-do item and then cancel the changes, verify that the original details are still intact.
Test Case 3: Edit a non-existing to-do item and verify that an error message is displayed.
Mark a to-do item as completed:

Test Case 1: Mark a to-do item as completed and verify that it is shown as completed.
Test Case 2: Mark a completed to-do item as incomplete and verify that it is shown as incomplete.
Delete a to-do item:

Test Case 1: Delete a to-do item and verify that it is removed from the list.
Test Case 2: Delete a non-existing to-do item and verify that an error message is displayed.

I will create a test script in Python using Selenium WebDriver to test the To-Do application. I will use the PyTest testing framework to organize the test cases and generate the test report.
